(The desert is photo shooting place for the second day!)
Could we do a photoshoot safely?
We're not gonna die here... right?
Stay alive...!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - LOONATIC"
(They're worryied the heat in the dsert!)
The view is so beautiful. I didn't expect it at all!
This isn't exactly what I imagined it.
But you know, the weather is like perfect desert
I heard it's 45 degrees Calsius...
45 DEGREE!
I wonder if people can live here...
Wow it'r eally....
(Queen of Positivity...)
(ODD EYE CIRCLE is working hard in the heat of the desert!)
It's cool~
It's cold~
Choerry: (Hypnotizing) You're cold~ you're cold~
Kim Lip: I'm very cold
Kim Lip: And the wind is very cool~
It's very cold~!